Adds description for analytics dashboard permission delegation to users. (#905)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/learn/analytics/managing-dashboard-permissions.md

!!! Info
      List of available scopes will be populated for each permission level. Dashboard owners can set the required scopes for each of those permission levels. Each permission level can have multiple scopes.

## Permission Level and User Role Mapping

> Following table illustrates the default mapping between permission level for each analytics dashboard and user role for default configuration of permission level, user roles and their scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following table illustrates the default mapping between the permission level for each analytics dashboard and user role. This table can be referred to assign a role to a user in order to provide the required permissions. 
```
